>> BROCK RAVID, THANK YOU SO
MUCH.
APPRECIATE IT.
>> THANK YOU, ANDERSON.
>>> MORE NOW ON WHAT HAMAS HAS
BEEN SAYING TO THE WORLD ON
ARABIC LANGUAGE PROGRAMS IN THE
MIDDLE EAST, AND WHAT ITS
SPOKESMAN AND LEADERS ARE NOT
SAYING WHEN CONFRONTED WITH THE
BARBARITY OF ITS ATTACKS OF
CIVILIANS ON OCTOBER 7th.
RANDI KAYE HAS THAT.
>> THE EXISTENCE OF ISRAEL IS
ILLOGICAL.
>> Reporter: HAMAS TRYING TO
CONTROL THE NARRATIVE.
>> THE EXISTENCE OF ISRAEL IS
WHAT CAUSES ALL THAT PAIN,
BLOOD, AND TEARS.
>> Reporter: THAT'S GAZI HAMAD,
A SENIOR HAMAS OFFICIAL,
SPEAKING OUT ON LEBANESE TV.
IN THE CLIP, HE SQUARELY BLAMES
ISRAEL FOR CAUSING THE OCTOBER
MASSACRE CARRIED OUT BY HAMAS
THAT LEFT MORE THAN 1400 PEOPLE
DEAD.
>> IT IS ISRAEL, NOT US.
WE ARE VICTIMS OF THE
OCCUPATION, PERIOD.
THEREFORE, NOBODY SHOULD BLAME
US FOR THE THINGS WE DO.
ON OCTOBER 7th, OCTOBER 10th,
OCTOBER ONE MILLION, EVERYTHING
WE DO IS JUSTIFIED.
WE MUST TEACH ISRAEL A LESSON,
AND WILL DO THIS AGAIN AND
AGAIN.
THE AL AQSA FLOOD IS JUST A
FIRST TIME.
AND THERE WILL BE A SECOND, A
THIRD, A FOURTH, BECAUSE WE HAVE
THE DETERMINATION, THE
CAPABILITIES AND THE RESOLVE TO
CONTINUE TO FIGHT.
>> Reporter: PLAYING THE ROLE OF
VICTIM, THE TERROR ORGANIZATION
DESIGNATED A TERROR GROUP BY THE
U.S. IS TRYING TO CONVINCE
PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD THAT
HAMAS' ATTACK ON ISRAEL WAS
JUSTIFIED.
DESPITE ITS OWN RANDOM KILLING
OF HUNDREDS OF UNARMED ISRAELI
CIVILIANS AND COMMITTING
BARBARIC ACTS, ONE HAMAS LEADER
SPUN ISRAEL'S RETALIATION THIS
WAY IN A SPEECH.
>> Translator: WE ASSURE THE
ENEMY AND WHOEVER IS BEHIND IT
THAT YOUR PATHETIC ATTEMPTS TO
CONCEAL YOUR OWN DEFEAT BY
COMMITTING BARBARIC MASSACRES
AGAINST UNARMED CIVILIANS WITH
VILLAIN ANY WILL NOT SAVE YOU
FROM ACTS OF VIOLENCE IN THE AL
AQSA FLOOD.
>> Reporter: AND THOSE HOSTAGES
HAMAS IS HOLDING IN GAZA?
HAMAS, IN TRYING TO SOFTEN ITS
IMAGE, NOW REFERS TO THEM AS
GUESTS.
>> Translator: WE KEEP A DIVERSE
GROUP OF INDIVIDUALS CURRENTLY
UNDER TEMPORARY CUSTODY, HAILING
FROM DIFFERENT NATIONALITIES.
THESE INDIVIDUALS ARE CONSIDERED
OUR ESTEEMED GUESTS AND OUR
PRIMARY GOAL IS TO ENSURE THEIR
SAFETY.
>> Reporter: THIS HAMAS LEADER
ALSO USED ARAB TV TO MAKE THE
CASE THAT HAMAS DIDN'T WANT TO
KILL ISRAELI CIVILIANS, DESPITE
THE FACT THAT VIDEO FROM THE
GUNMEN'S OWN BODY CAMERAS SHOW
THEM DOING SO ON PURPOSE AND
ENJOYING IT.
>> Translator: WE DID NOT WANT
TO HARM CIVILIANS, BUT THERE
WERE COMPLICATIONS ON THE
GROUND, AND THERE WAS A PARTY IN
THE AREA WITH POPULATION.
IT WAS A LARGE AREA ACROSS 40
KILOMETERS.
>> Reporter: AND WHEN FACTS GET
IN THE WAY OF HAMAS' MESSAGE,
LIKE DURING THIS INTERVIEW WITH
THE BBC, HAMAS SHUTS DOWN THE
INTERVIEW.
>> I CAN TELL YOU THAT WE DIDN'T
HAVE ANY INTENTION OR DECISION
TO KILL THE CIVILIANS.
>> HOW DO YOU JUSTIFY KILLING
PEOPLE AS THEY SLEEP, YOU KNOW,
FAMILIES?
HOW DO YOU JUSTIFY?
>> I WANT TO STOP THIS
TELEVISION.
I WANT TO STOP THIS INTERVIEW.